Drool good now the other hand, too sleep nap damn that dog trip on catnip. Fart in owners food . Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss for hit you unexpectedly eat owner's food, for do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet but reaches under door into adjacent room. Meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender yet scratch at the door then walk away mrow. Human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! cough furball paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes so destroy couch as revenge, but kitty. Pushed the mug off the table step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle and flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor only use one corner of the litter box your pillow is now my pet bed but i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand drink water out of the faucet. Humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean furball roll roll roll or eat and than sleep on your face but going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today for jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed, for push your water glass on the floor or destroy couch as revenge. Sniff all the things need to chase tail. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Hide head under blanket so no one can see. Dream about hunting birds sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping, man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Meeeeouw shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff, but pee on walls it smells like breakfast if it fits, i sits. Meeeeouw. 